For over three years you lived in humiliating Te 소리
But you still lived in pride
I can't give up even if I know it's a love of the land.
I thought I'd die for the rest of my life, but the lord encouraged me.
He said that if I had money, I could buy Iran.
I worked hard for three years and saved money without sleeping.
I brought 15 ryo from that house last night.
That's your side.
You can stay like this.
You can come tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.
I'm a housekeeper, so I can't afford 15 ryo.
I'll go home again and work hard for the rest of my life.
After three years, I'll save 15 ryo.
It's been three years.
I'm not a good person like you.
I don't know if I'll be a good person or a bad person.
If I meet you on the way, I'll be happy.
If you say one word, I'll be happy.
I'm a request for the rest of my life.
I cried in the arms of Iran's Tsukakuen.
I was talking about the opposite of the Shurao.
I heard that it was a sudden appearance.
I was wondering what you thought.
I threw it out and held the sudden appearance firmly.
Is that true?
If you say the truth, I'll cut your eyebrows and brush your teeth.
I'll go to your office.
Don't throw it away.
I was talking about the sudden appearance of the Shurao.